Cleaniliness of all body parts everyday is also important.
When doctor asks to pay attention to the deficiency of Iron , Calcium , Folic acid then he says that more for the mother.
Bring in use toned milk and instead of curd bring in use curd water mixed with black salt and carom seeds.
This is the part of the endometrium and blood products which comes through the passage of vagina.
There can be many reasons of occurrence of pain in anus.
Swelling becomes clearly visible in some cases by staying standing for long or coughing as well.
Once in a week or a month get a massage done.
One should first treat endocarditis disease.
Some people get an allergy from wearing clothes made of synthetic thread.
Blackness in front of eyes , haziness and giddiness.
Specific compilation has been made in Artha Veda of treatment with medicinal herbs  medicinal plants.
This only pushes us towards the high risk zone of heart related diseases.
Bitot 's spots - white spots shows up on white surface.
Your family history must also be checked.
Because of not having control over urination in the state of hyperactivity of urinary bladder , women stay in haste , their urine can leak.
There is a normal habit of snoring in a new born baby which is cured on its own on growing up.
Surely learn the appropriate method of brushing teeth.
In the loose dysentery of diarrhoea 5 - 10 grams of wood - apple powder taken with cold water gives relief.
The problem becomes double because of no regular exercising and in the end the patient is not even able to do his daily work properly.
Come let ' s see what other benefits are there from henna from which our hair may remain pretty and healthy.
Nerve block and epidural injections are beneficial for some patients.
Two third deaths out of the total infant mortality number occurs during the period of infancy itself.
స్త్రీ-పురుషులు ఇద్దరిలో ఎవరైనా కూడా దీనిని చేయించుకోవచ్చు.
In this the lifestyle and food related habits are included.
Quantity of water in dry grapes or raisins is 15 %.
If you have to get the surgery done on the definite date then you youself get your blood extracted before the surgery and have it kept to be used during the surgical process.
Milk should be mixed in rice and left covered for 20 minutes , those whose stomach is weak or who can not digest food easily , make them eat this then it will be soothing.
There is no loss in the moonlight rather there is benefit by the moonlight.
In winter season often many members of family become victims of cough produced diseases.
In 1812 in Russia Napoleon ' s army had to face many difficulties because of hypothermia.
Coughing arises in patient.
Going blue.
Consumption of excessive amount of water or minimum amount of water has an adverse effect on man ' a health and produces many fatal diseases after a long time.
Besides these endocrine glands , dineal gland and thymous gland also have an important place.
Soluble fiber is found in the barley floor , in the peas , in the beans and in most of the fruits.
Little attention , little bit of awareness and little knowledge can save women from many diseases.
Narishodhan and ujjayi pranayam play the role of panacea to make brain and central nervous system functional and to balance and function to the nervous system.
If the increase in weight and obesity becomes a hindrance for the activities of the body then actually it becomes a matter of concern for every person.
Symptoms are dependent on the frequency of emergence.
At the same time muscles of chest get damaged.
Keep it in mind that apply this oil only on the palate on the head , temple and head do not let this blue oil touch any part of the neck.
The energy received through medicines is not permanent , the energy received through natural ways , that is food , is permanent.
He is even unable to wait for his turn while playing games.
Dysuria : This disease happens to be a result of diseases like kidney stones , swelling of urinary bladder else gonorrhoea.
Other eye problems are found in the advancing years of children before and during the age of going to school.
If there is an infection in a part related to urinary system then fever , shivering , perspiration , pain along with urine etc.may also be included in the symptoms.
Many times this problem is seen years after surgery also.
In the vaginal discharge of the unmarried girls , calcarea carb-200 medicine is beneficial.
Parents should pay attention in case of children and should include in their food green leafy vegetables along with fresh fruits of their choice.
Some women are advised for radiotherapy after the surgery so that the cancer is eliminated from the roots.
Clothes may also be spoiled by not having control due to some structural defects in urinary bladder  urinary tract.
Keep that parsley soaked till eight o ' clock.
This happens due to the acid produced during the digestion of sugar.
Pine medicine is mainly used in asthma and bronchitis , genitourinal infection.
Because of this amount of serotonin in brain reduces and problem of clinical depression occurs.
Certainly do ` warm up ' five minutes before exercise and ` cool up ' after it.
Aedes Aegypti mosquito spreads yellow fever mainly in the urban regions by communicating virus from one person to the body of another person.
On being hit by heatstroke feeding onion will get benefits.
According to ` Charak samhita ' , in the case of mental disorders , negative effects affect the eight basic psychological causes of will - will , intelligence , memory , feeling , devotion , morality , efforts and behavior.
After that she told me.
Our body becomes ill by the imbalance of these basic elements itself.
For example if 65 year old person at times forgets the name of any relative or an object after keeping it somewhere , then it is not essential that this problem is the signal of disease.
The complication of not having control on urination , the problem of leaking on its own may occur due to the reason of diseases of urinary system or the various diseases of organs situated close to it.
On occurrence of blood deficiency heart is unable to work with full vigor due to low blood pressure.
AIDS spreads by administering infected blood.
Complete it.
By mixing equal amount of lime with olive oil a thick butter - like fluid is formed.
Treat with consultation of an expert on going blue.
In the pomp of multimillion advertisements of modern medical science perhaps very few people will accept the truth that methods of effective treatment of common mental problems and severe psychological disorders are present in the ancient Indian medical science , that is , Ayurveda.
If you are monitering the temperature to schedule your Dimpotsurgan ovulation period or to check the fever , then check the temperature daily at a fixed time.
One of the main causes of hernia to occur is the weakening of walls of stomach.
Water is man ' s caretaker , even the atmosphere is a store of water vapor.
To prevent pillow from getting dirty lie down tying a towel on head.
Every patient goes to the doctor with one or the other type of problem.
Kandharasana is useful in stomach ache , backache.
Those women who get irregular menses , they should consume the juice of papaya continuously every day and their menstrual flow would become regular.
If you take raw vegetable salad with your meal then it will be the best meal.
Possibility of blood accumulation in liver is more in those individuals who do not perform physical exercise , are lazy and drink liquor.
Daatun of Mahua : - In the chemical composition of Madhuk or Mahua Mauriglaicrocidal Saponin element is found whose effect is poisonous but in it 's branch this element is found very less which is vatt pitt tranqualiser , kaff eradicating , makes you urinate more frquently , pacifier of burning sensation , destroyer of white spots etc.
Physiotherapy gives stamina along with strength.
The occurrence of urinary infection in females may be a common thing but it is quite shameful and uncomfortable.
Do not get alarmed on hearing.
It is definite that if the information regarding safe pregnancy and contraception techniques could reach the people then maternal mortality rate could be brought down heavily.
Actually caffeine present in coffee surely removes your lethargy but your weight may increase from the sugar present in it.।.
In lack of cleaning of skin and clothes fear of acquiring skin disease remains.
As a result to this the disease of polio appears.
You should never use pennyroyal.
Whatever time you get up every day according to routine , get up at that time only.
In relation to this problem of hyper pigmentation the popular cosmetologist of Nature ' s Essence Sunita Arora says ' the cells of skin are responsible for hyper pigmentation.'.
Sandalwood - It is used in treatment of burning sensation in kidney , trouble in urination , blood impurity , constriction of lymph nodes , leukoria , urinary tract infection , dandruff in hair , tracheal inflammation , arthritis , gout , bronchitis , coryza , cough , flu , skin related diseases , burning sensation in skin , oily skin ,.
In this disease the white of eye becomes yellow.
Varunamudra removes skin disease , blood disorder , pimples and the problems occurring because of the deficiency of water element.
Maximum women come to know about this when there is any fracture in their bones and the bones do not join easily.
Whatever we eat in our life that is called diet.
Hurt in an accident , etc.
In one year it starts uttering some words , starts understanding.
It is not right for blood pressure to be more than 130  85.
If it is one or two cm less then that gap will come everywhere , which is not right.
Then while eating the soaked Pind dates take out their seeds.
To escape from pain of joints this is the easiest and safest cure.
The identification of pneumonia and management -.
Recently a group of doctors of ' Palermo University ' found in their research that by drinking cow milk the complaint of constipation and stomach pain may arise in small children.
It is the claim of scientist of Oxford University that additional weight on pelvis , thighs and hips keep health good.।.
Similarly people whose skin is sensitive in case of eczema and psoriasis they should prevent staying constantly in contact with woollen and synthetic clothes.
With its help proper treatment is done by doing medical cure.
In the same way practice this asana with the left leg and in the end do this asana with both the legs.
Protuberance , swelling and lump in the abdomen could be found through the utrain sound instrument.
This increases digestive power.
Because of the discharge of foul smelling liquid from the vagina or in the condition of occurrence of itching , pain or inflammation R.T.I.or S.T.D.may occur.
Do not try to straighten the injured part.
All this makes hair rough.
In other injections there is benefit from giving anti hemorrhagic serum , caplin , calcium chloride , argotin , gelatin and coagulant , etc.
Pituitary gland is the center of inner knowledge.
In general the women of three or four size are considered healthy and beautiful in India.
When the stress increases then it reduces and minimises our endurance capacity.
The body of the patient at times starts shivering and he also becomes unconscious.
It is significant that sleep is also included in the training of world champion athletes.
For reducing the quantity of homocystin at first it is essential to bring change in your life - style and eating habits.
Colour of nerves goes blue.
It ill effect is seen both on the mother and the prospective child.
Any untimely diet and polluted environment which increases the speed of process of production of free radicals in body brings symptoms of premature old age in a person.
Not only in India but diarrhoea has become a serious problem also of the whole world.
Fill the nearby ditches.
For this there is no restriction of age , country or gender.
In order to keep track of the Vitamin A dose being given to the children of less than two years the mother-child security card should be brought into use.
Vajrasana is a meditative asana which removes the fickleness of the mind.
Headache goes away after drinking water.
Drink more cold water this water receives additional energy from the body and increases its consumption.
To save from nausea and vomiting in the morning time give yourself some additional time for getting up from the bed.
Colourful dentifrice brings harm to teeth and gums.
Compulsive overeating - It is a kind o food addiction addiction of eating.
While talking to others if possible write your diary.
Keep the things kept in the fridge outside for some time then give it to children for eating.
Pain in head , muscles and joints.
In order to keep the balance of blood sugar level OK the insulin has to be balanced and for this make the children exercise daily.
When half water has burnt then making 3 pav sugar syrup keep filled in a phial on straining.
In the beginning you can have control on sugar in diabetes disease through pills.
There are some general reasons also for reproductive system infection.
The cure of psychological diseases , analysis and treatment have been described in detail in Ayurvedic texts.
For weakness of liver extracting juice of fresh pomegranate seeds cook on fire.
Predominantly this is seen in women of 30 - 40 years of age.
There should be a difference of at least three years between two children.
Calcium helps in the working of the nervous system in a smooth way , by which the blood pressure of the body also remains in regulation.
By rules like regular exercise , moderation in food intake , etc.this obstacle can also be overcome.
By taking one of the two atarifal mulayyin or atarifal zamani with boiled milk in 7 masha quantity there remains no sign of constipation.
Whatever one cerebral hemisphere learns the other does not get to know anything about that.
Clean your tongue also at the time of brushing because bacteria are also accumulated on the tongue which produce odour on getting stuck.
Drink milk after an hour.
Generally after blood pressure is controlled people stop taking medicines but doing this is meddling with health.
Get the first dose only of polio , second , third , fourth triple K.injection with polio and the fifth the dose of polio alone.
The way virus of AIDS spreads that way virus of Hepatitis B also spreads.
Only touch the chest by pressing the leg.
Considering odd physical situations of the state it can be said that the maternal mortality rate in the state would be very high.
Women used to apply henna on hands and feet on festivals , occasions , wedding ceremonies , etc and used to apply henna on feet which used to keep reminding of the auspicious time for many days.
According to many texts curd has proved to be useful in decreasing the amount of cholesterol in the body.
The entire caravan of all the signals between brain and different parts of the body crosses through this spinal cord alone.
Cough remains accumulated in chest which does not come out easily.
Simple carbohydrate is found in white sugar , fruits and milk.
And yes , do not forget one thing that it will give relief in tooth ache , but do not consider it to be one and only cure and take advice of doctor for sure.
If carrot is eaten in the form of salad then it fulfils calcium , iron , phosphorous and potassium in our body.
by applying neem oil not just the pimples are destroyed but the wounds growing out of itching also becomes alright.
In order to evade this do get cleansing at least thrice and massage twice in a week.
Apart from this Fenugreek keeps the number of blood cells regulated , because of which the threat of blood getting clot and consequentially heart diseases happening gets reduced.
On being asked the reason of research Guleria said we have learned that in most cases women are donating kidneys.
One big apple should be eaten every day.
When the disease gets old on not getting it timely treatment done then its extremely lethal effect falls on spinal nerves and vertebrae of the vertebral column.
It reduces the burning sensation quickly.
RD_PUNC V_VAUX V_VAUX V_VAUX N_NN JJ PSP N_NN JJ PR_PRL V_VAUX V_VAUX N_NN JJ PSP DM_DMD PSP N_NN PSP V_VM PSP N_NN CC_CCD N_NN N_NN PSP N_NN PSP V_VAUX N_NN N_NN PSP N_NN N_NN 
This salve retains the potential to prevent initial baldness.
That client who is tensed with the side effects of other solutions.
There can be allergy related reaction hence you always always test it on skin first.
Apply on face mixing lemon juice , almond oil , glycerine etc.
Eat one pill everyday at the same time whether there is copulation or not.
Abdomen , bowel , stomach , pancreas , heart and lungs etc.remain healthy by surya - namaskara.
Increase the duration of exercise gradually.
Peppermint - Normally this medicine is used in treatment of problems prior to menstrual flow , rickets , cold , cough , impotence , painful menstrual flow , infections of chest , flu , back ache.
The effect of the deficiency of Vitamin A..
Knots also melt by becoming hot.
Caffeine increases the process of acid formation , which increases the pain in the already formed ulcer.
Stinky sweat comes from soles and armpits.
ఆటోనోమిక్ న్యూరోపైథీ‍తో కంటిపాప మరియు అశృగ్రంథి పనిచేసే సామర్థ్యం తగ్గిపోతుంది.
By eating atariphal mulayyin in quantity of 1 masha with water constipation ends.
First of all with the closed eyes itself by the will-power of the mind looking at the toes and fingers of the legs feel them to be extremely loose and stress-free.
The seeds of fenugreek are also very effective in diabetes.
The first patient of AIDS in India was found in 1986.
With this stink comes from breath.
Magnesium , calcium , sodium and potassium and copper are also there in molasses.
In food eat such things in which iron elements , vitamin A and iodine are in rich quantity.
Most stones in the gall bladder are made by cholesterol.
Trachoma disease occurs due to a bacteria.
When your body and mind are healthy then you will introspect but you will not get tense.
The question of food is extremely important for the patient of cold.
When and how did the suffering started ?.
Vitamin A is found in papaya in abundant quantity.
If there is milk in the breast and it is not possible for the patient to bring it out by herself then bring the ` breast milk pump ' from the market to do it.
Like this it is nearly impossible to quit the addiction of alcohol.
According to Dr.Murthy capacity of hip to bear weight is more than all other joints of body on account of being surrounded with cartilage , ligaments and muscles.
The full name of phytolecca is ' phytolecca dikendra '.
Therefore in their treatment taking decision on the basis of immediate necessities is relevant.
The symptoms of depression are becoming sad , hopelessness , worrying and sleeplessness.
The symptoms of the patient infected with SARS are illusionary.
From this fatigue staying everyday many kinds of diseases take the person into their grip.
Massage the forehead of the child till the eyebrows.
In child from 2 to 15 months 50 per minute or more.
Various kinds of hormonal changes occur due to use of fertility and birth control pills.
Despite ban this grasspea is still eaten.
In turn this increased capacity of stomach instigates the tendency to eat more than necessary.
Never study in less light because pressure is exerted on eyes by doing this.
The remaining gas goes into the small intestine , where its partial absorption takes place.
For appropriate development of body children need it more as compared to adults.
The healer treats the diseased man through energy of hands.
Weak and people observing fast should abstain from medicine.
If the nails are distorted then use ` Ferrum Phos 6x ' and ` Kaali myur 3x '.
If the child even has the complaints of vomiting , fever or loss of appetite , then the water starts getting reduced in his body , which can prove to be lethal.
They say ' anxiety is like a pyre.
In the surgery the uterus is entirely removed.
Symptoms of nerve diseases are found most in patients of 50 years of age and above , lesser in those below 30 years of age and in about negligible amount in patients in childhood.
If water is called ambrosia then it will not be an exaggeration.
Hypertrophy of Heart also occurs from eating too much food or constant constipation.
Cancer of the cervix is a common cancer of occurring among women.
Because of obstruction in the intestines stomach may bulge.
repeated.
The internal skin of the ears could not become dry.
By taking eight-ten pieces of orange candy three-four times in day , the gas or aafara of the stomach is cured.
The deformity of arunshika happens due to the infection of pedi culus capiris.
Wash the towel kept in the bathroom for wiping the hand every second day it will better to keep the roll of paper napkin in the bathroom for wiping the hands.
He should exercise the neck everyday in the morning.
Sun-charged red vaseline or sun-charged sesame oil is beneficial in case of cracks in the heels of the legs during winter time.
Meaning speed of inhalation exhalation increases.
Hot brandy containing honey gives relief in cold.
The condom made from latex saves from H.I.V.and other communicable disease apart from conception.
Before entering the food into the stomach , the food is brought into the shape by the mouth and mixed into the saliva by chewing.
In a similar way do this exercise as before by folding the left leg and keeping it on the right knee.
Similarly 3 branches go to the cerebellum mini brain located at the back of brain-stem.
In it human does not get time to pause only and when one gets time to pause one finds out that you have become victim of some serious disease.
Taking diet rich in vitamin-A can also be helpful in keeping eyes healthy.
This way our immunity works as a protective shield against the mischief of just any disease causing microbe.
The quantiy of medicine in the blood of the infant.
Anger appears immediately.
For aromatherapy there is requirement of such a vial in which we fill the aromatic fluid and on top holes be made for exudation of its aroma.
So much pain in stomach that patient writhes.
Asana is done in both morning-evening time.
On crossing this line one gets to feel a very important difference.
So the guarnatee of the color and oneness of the products in every batch can not be given.
Increased pollution emitted from vehicles and harmful gases that come out of factories increase asthma symptoms in this season even more.
pashuvishramasana is beneficial in diabetes and abdominal disorders.
Symptom : - Respiratory tract divided into two parts later.
Either eat the whole raw garlic or swallow in the form of a capsule.
Hence on occurrence of extreme constipation there may be obstruction in urine.
You will be amazed to know that if the fan is turned on full speed then they are unable to support themselves when they are not helped.
Possibility of occurrence of chilblain in people of 16 to 40 years of age is more.
Rheumatic fever is a disease that affects joints of children which can give rise of heart related defects.
During pregnancy too it is very beneficial to eat salad leaf.
In this season one should use natural fabric always.
If you select lipstick keeping in mind your skin tone then lipstick can look good on women of every kind of complexion.
Coarseness occurs on surface of walls because of which substance named Fibrin accumulates on that place.
We procure best cosmetics , best technique , better diet , excellent environment , lifestyle , environment , etc for our body but leave procuring for mind we do not even want to think anything.
Therefore the next time if you buy sapota then eat it with the skin.
Complaint of pigmentation is more in women as compared to men.
You can also buy that shampoo in which conditioner is mixed.
Taking 7 seeds of khirni , sirus , 14 cloves and three and a half masha saltpetre  kalmi shora mix 7 masha turmeric in it then pounding and grinding all of it a lot , mixing in some mortar make a surma.
Where it is very important for the patient , there only instruct.
Rash will be cured soon on being exposed to the air.
There are many such chemicals in things that are useful for eye make up like collyrium , eye liner , mascara that may produce allergy and infection in eyes.
Because of this thought he becomes victim of irritation.
According to the experts such creams remove the protective upper layer of the skin , which increases the risk of having cancer.
Infected persons live a normal life for 10 to 15 years also.
You get more burps with soda bubbles because of this the acid of the stomach again starts flowing towards throat.
Each and every part of the body becomes strong and healthy by surya - namaskara.
Signal reaches brain from here itself through nervous.
Reading all this my curiosity went on increasing and I read all the texts which could be available related to Linseed and also read at length about the research carried out on Linseed.
Doctor , nurse or the female health worker doing counselling helps the woman in identifying as to which days in the month are unsafe.
Beware on occurrence of some kind of problem and immediately get treatment from doctor.
But after meals or after eating and drinking anything except water cleaning your teeth properly is extremely important.
This way blood of patient gets contaminated.
Due to this reason right treatment is not received on time and the condition of the patient becomes serious.
Body becomes strong by its consumption.
In some special circumstances bathing benefits by removing the reason behind the disease.
One hour after drinking glucose she has to give her blood sample.
Treatment of monsoon depression can be done by anti-depression meditation.
After this having spread through the whole of the blood circulation the virus takes the form of primary disease.
While giving enema one should take care of condition of patient.
In 6 to 12 years he becomes able to give full attention towards food.
It has been proven from both studies ` Diabetes control and complications trial ' in category-I diabetes and United Kingdom Prospective Category - II diabetes that it is possible to prevent minute vessel complications by intensive glucose control nevertheless through intensive glucose control controlling large vessel complications is not that significant.
Muscles get rest.
On occurrence of other diseases of stomach , indigestion , dyspepsia impairment of digestion fire , formation of gases in stomach , disorder of bile , acquiring cold , getting nazla - zukam  common cold also headache arises.
We asked that are they happy after donating kidney the options of which were , not at all , not very much , a little bit and completely happy.
It was found in the study that ' in old age and in the life after that sexual activity , quality of sex life and interest in sex - is positively related to health.
The lowest most part is medulla oblongata , very small and common in appearance but very special in importance.
Solar heated water gives better than hoped for results in eliminating cough diseases.
Excess exercise is wasting time.
Blood froze in feet.
Symptom : - Main causes of Tachycardia are many infectious diseases fever , intoxicating substances , diseases of heart valve , fear , mental derangement , neuralgia , too much hard work , etc.
The swelling is so much that the patient has difficulty moving around.
During itching apply pure brimstone after grinding it in mustard oil.
Calcium rich food keeps the bones protected.
Because of occurrence of wounds till the intestines with dirt of faeces mixing in it disease keeps getting untreatable.
Its very common to have osteoporosis in developed countries.
Most important reason if the nappy with excretion of the child remains in contact with the child 's skin for long time then the grains increase.
Massage your body before playing colors.
In comparison to any other disease women die the most of tuberculosis in India.
Make a paste of tamarind to remove pimples and apply it on face.
One must walk 5 kms everyday with speed in morning or in the evening.
One is those in which there are synthetic hormones named estrogen and progesterone.
After menopause estrogen level decreases and due to this when there is pressure on Urethra chances of S.U.I.increase.
Cholesterol test : - During the time of any problem in the heart the doctor gives the advise of correcting the cholesterol level of the heart.
Rashes named ' jennthomas ' develop by amount of cholesterol or triglycerides increasing in blood.
In the defensive look of eyes both good and bad kinds of elements are included whose effect could be used in the desired direction.
Take your pet dog with you on a stroll.
Main symptoms on appearance of which a patient should consult a doctor.
Bacteria thrive quickly in feet with dry skin and cracked heels.
Due to laughing good sleep comes.
Children are becoming victims of diseases like diabetes.
The effect of intoxication reduces from ' cocE '.
We need the bottles of only three colors for preparing the medicine.
This process of contraction and expansion of heart keeps going on continually.
Verbal pronunciation of patient starts deteriorating slowly and in acute state of disease patient becomes unsuccessful even in talking.
Finish tasks because take some new task or responsibility only when old are finished and make a timetable to finish old tasks.
No stitches are applied in the S.I.C.S.Small Incision Cataract Surgery method.
Get insecticides sprayed at home.
Even if you must have medicine then you should give priority to Ayurvedic medicine.
First a ban should be imposed on the canteens in the schools of children which sell junk food.
Although this surgery is done only once.
This complex quantity of carbohydrate is found more in raphinage beans.
Eat more salad and use sprouted pulses also in this.
Immune system identifies the disease-carrier or ` external invaders ' like virus , bacteria , etc and kills them.
Finish tasks.
This pain can come and go and be felt in a chronic way.
Grumbling with irritation , neither taking care of being civilised in speaking nor in giving answers.
Though this part in man has become very unimportant in comparison to animals like dogs.
Full time computer users should take a break of 10 minutes in every hour.
Its height is about 1  70 inches.
Scientists have found out that the homocystin may be controlled by increasing the quantity of vitamin B - 6 , B - 12 and folic acid in food.
Sometimes these symptoms meaning signatures not matching in bank , etc are the very initial symptoms of this disease.
When the amount of cholesterol is more In blood , blood clot gets stuck in the heart artery and stops blood circulation.
Therefore always be aware and on occurrence of doubt get advice of a wise specialist doctor.
There can be many more symptoms of this disease.
Absorption of iron from intestines depends on iron stored in body.
By using these necessary products on our skin the proper quantity of water is maintained in the skin and it does not lose its natural properties.
In headache by applying dried ginger after grinding it in milk headache goes away.
Due to the reason of the permanent weakening of walls of stomach there is a chance for hernia to occur once more for second time through surgery.
In flu redness comes in the eyes and face.
Due to tea there is the disease of insomnia disease and memory power is desroyed.
Because in the situation of being drunk also belladonna had worked.
At times the clothes of the infant are left wet because of which there is a danger of the breeding of microbes in them.
Take pomegranate for instance , it is consumed usually for its sweet and sour taste but even better than that the health secret that is hidden in it very few people know of it.
By incising the stomach also this process may be done.
Before understanding handicappedness well it is essential to understand the various organs and their working.
At least 8 hours of sound sleep in the night and 1-2 hours of rest on the bed after the lunch in the afternoon is extremely essential for the good health of the pregnant woman.
The smoke coming out of biri stops the pure and fresh life force coming from outside and slowly all the chakra keeps on getting affected.
By going on chewing piece of mulethi there is relief in sore throat.
On the occurrence of any domestic accident with the child you take the following precautions.
Consequently wrinkles start forming especially all around eyes and mouth.
The child will then assist in the massage.
It is clear that yawning is not just the symbolism of boredom , sadness and the lack of oxygen alone.
The rising interference of technology in day-to-day life has made us very luxurious.
Artificial lungs are also a very simple apparatus.
Eat food slowly after chewing it properly and the food to be eaten in two times should be taken four - five times.
Every person consuming tobacco is aware of it 's bad effects , but wants to look away from this guilt.
Converting ordinary cells into IPSCs is quite a difficult task.
If someone has dry or soft hair then henna is not appropriate for them.
The blindness caused by the black cataract can be prevented if it is identified soon and its regular treatment and tests continue.
Divya Peedantak Tel - It is immediately beneficial in joint pain , Back ache , Cervical Spondilitis , injury , etc all kinds of pain , inflammation and aches.
It could also be done holding the neck or ears with hands.
Tie up both the legs of the the female patient by lifting it up to the wood fixed at the edge of the table.
One should take meal only on feeling hungry at a fixed time.
For example if you have to increase your awareness and stamina , then a nap of fifteen - twenty minutes is essential , and if you have to give a speech or sit for an exam then a nap of thirty to fifty minutes is sufficient.
Heart disease affects the man and the woman in different ways and the ways of its diagnosis and treatment are also different.
Many doctors opine that rheumatoid arthritis especially affects the people living in colder places.
Laughing is one such process which puts only positive effect on human body because in the process of laughing the role of mind becomes null or negligible.
It is also beneficial in body swelling or the disease of jaundice.
Copper T 200 - this may be put for three years.
From which there is wrong effect on body from their increasing age.
Its full name is ' haemamelis verginica '.
When mixture starts cooling then dry in shade making pills.
On coming out of house of patient much distress arises because of sunlight.
Grind these finely and fill in the bottles after sieving through cloth.
Appetite is not enough , digestion is late.
Frequently people can not understand that they have heart diseases.
After this secretion stops forever.
They are priceless gift of nature.
In the declining period of life force , when the breathing becomes cold , the leg below the knees become cold , nerve becomes thin like a rope , there is cold sweating in the hands - legs or the hands - legs of the patient remain like a corpse after becoming cold , then ' corbabez ' saves the life of the patient.
The muscles of hands and shoulders become healthy by kukkutasana.
Remember that hypothermia is necessary after exercise.
According to the research going on in Allahabad U.P.University , the roots of banyan hanging in the air has the maximum quantity of antioxidants.
Talk to others.
The seeds of man sperm have two types of chromosomes xy.
With changing age the new techniques of treatment are successful in providing relief from every problem.
Teeth gro only twice in life , this has become a fact of days goneby.
Different kinds of new and old diseases are treated by sun rays and chromotherapy through different kinds of colors.
In the attack of hysteria the fists of patient clench , teeth set on each other.
Valium tigrinum - 30 : In this disease urge to defecate along with urination remains.
There is not much liquid in this either it gets old or it gets better on its own.
In many well known diseases of Ayurveda it is applied in the form of घटक द्रव्य.
Exercise and yoga also prove to be very advantageous.
Infected child if eats and drinks anything then it comes out with vomit.
Some people 's personality only is with fault originally.
The afflicted knows about his problem but is unable to control.
An acute burning sensation starts in stomach by accumulation of gas in belly.
Such a condition also arise in this disease which is called Prolifirative.
Wrist and fingers feel stiff.
Because people do not have complete information about arthritis they believe every ache in bones or muscles to be arthritis but actually it is not so.
Nutritious food , fresh air helps in stopping the leucorrhoea.
If you have to necessarily eat or drink something then drink lemon tea or eat a small fruit.
Pituitary gland has a clear relationship with the pulse mechanism.
Do not pick up heavy things or do not do very hard labor.
Why would anyone want to bother his mind when a piece of information or a secret is just a click away.
Therefore the doctors advice to eat the edible substances without removing the peels.
As menstruation starts or as it ends you may get it fixed.
This chemical broadens the blood vessels and keeps them greasy from inside.
Because of lack in moisture from the environment roughness comes in hair and scalp.
As such first of all Dr.Rene Gattefosse had used the word ' aromatherapy ' in the first half of twentieth century but science was developing with human civilisation for ages.
One should not sit with a sick person because the immune strength gets very lessened with medicines.
Having honey during the pregnancy by the women lead to their child being born to be healthy and superior to other children from the point of view of mental capacity.
Therefore one should take medicines regularly.
By this also we come to know to great extent as to where we are walking.
Do not consume liqueur , bidi , cigarette , zarda at all.
Not only is there an effect on physical activity of the child but there is a deep impact on his mind too.
On growth of liver on the right side in the stomach you start feeling some hard heavy weight.
Because of not sleeping his concentration power starts reducing.
Patient feels acute pain and burn on just touching the liver part and the skin above it becomes sensitive.
Blood can occur with the faeces due to cancer of the large intestine.
Similarly if the blood loss begins because of lump in the cavity of uterus or because of the swelling of endomitrium and it is not detected by the other clinical tests then it can be diagnosed successfully by ` histroscopy '.
Following are the common symptoms of the occurrence of ulcer , however this symptom is different in different people.
Excreta is extremely hard and knotty.
In Diarrhoea disease also there are benefits by eating raw apple fruit.
Where is abortion done ? 
 അല്ലെങ്കില്‍ അധിക് 
Apart from this here proper education is also given for the mental growth of children.
Incubation period of leprosy is three years on an average and this disease grows very slowly.
In cold by the patient sleeping on one side , nostril of that side only gets blocked.
It is the belief that in the peels of maximum fruits and vegetables generally there is more basic substance and in the inner part there is acidic substance more.
If the pus is about to form then give hyper-sulphur 200 for quick maturation.
Flexibility of joints ends by accumulation of glucose in joints , with this deformity can arise in skin of joints and bone fibers , consequently stiffness can occur in joints.
The fickleness of mind is cured by Bahyavritti pranayama.
That ayurvedic medicines also cause less benefit in allergy is not the case.
Giving advice related to complete nutrition , right nutrition of child.
If they are more intelligent then they will reduce visiting your house.
Because a new life is growing inside your body , that is why you will feel very tired.
If the new born baby is of less weight , is in sick state then it should not be distanced from his mother.
The base of chyavanprash is amla only.
Due to the reason of it being minimal invasive surgery , the surgery of the patient is done by putting an incision of two to three mm only.
Change in general habits of bowels.
It will not be pressurized a lot if the list is made.
Working till late night , stress of the big project , the hanging sword of deadline , unusual eating time and ways put bad effects on the body.
These should be the diet of the children.
Those who have breast cancer or has occurred recently.
In comparison to the availability of many types treatment methods and new medicines in modern medical technique the natural treatment method is more fruitful and beneficial.
One main cause for occurrence of mental disorders for any person is also not being able to strike a proper balance with his surroundings.
By the use of juice of apple morning - evening the stone after dissolving comes out of the urinary tract.
Unber the Yukti vyapakshya first the Panchakarma of the patient is done.
Some people surely follow precautions the whole week but forget all self restraint going to parties on weekends.
In the study the phones of more than 82 percent of the workers of the hospital have been found to be the carriers of the microbes and spores of contagious diseases.
RD_PUNC V_VAUX V_VAUX N_NN N_NN DM_DMD PSP PR_PRL V_VAUX RP_RPD PR_PRL RP_RPD N_NN PSP PSP N_NN QT_QTC PSP N_NN QT_QTC PSP N_NN PSP N_NN JJ 
Women may be able to get safe conception.
Apart from the menstrual flow the discharge coming out of the genital path is called leukoria or white discharge.
Traditional treatment method has always followed the short - term treatment policy.
Slowly this disease reaches the fingers of hands and legs , elbows , arms , hips , knees and ankles.
There is also no blisters.
RD_PUNC PSP V_VM N_NN N_NN PSP PR_PRP CC_CCD V_VM PSP N_NN N_NN PSP N_NN V_VAUX N_NN 
There is a lot of itching in these spots , due to which the patient has a lot of discomfort.
According to hakims production of this disease occurs because of excessive weakness of skin.
One comes to senses when a very horrible condition of A.R.D.S.Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome is born.
Who has the cancer of uterus or has the risk of its occurrence.
We have enough time during increasing age to do something.
The final result is shown on a kind of T.V.screen.
In the production of a healthy lifestyle role of multivitamins is clear.
Sexually transmitted diseases are serious and painful.
The use of pain-killer analgesic aspirin can reduce the amount of prost glandils in the body , which could lead to an increased time period of both the pregnancy and the gestation period.
It is known by various names like Shreefal.Aamlak , Amritfal etc.
As you would have already seen that in illness the child behaves of the age younger to his age.
In any disease recurring cough is itself the biggest identification of sual  cough.
Divya Udaramrita Vati - There is specific benefit in all stomach ailments like - stomach ache , acidity , indigestion , etc , liver disease like jaundice , anemia , chronic fever , diarrhoea and constipation , etc diseases.
According to doctor one main reason for complaint of asthma increasing in pollution , unplanned urbanisation.
You should keep half a kilogram spinach filled in a vessel pouring one litre water to cook on fire.
It has been learned from a recent study done in Britain that the right body mass index BMI is 24.
నోటిక్యాన్సర్‍కు అదనంగా గర్భాశయం , స్తనాలు , స్వరపేటిక , ఊపిరితిత్తులు , గ్రసనాళం , కాలేయం మరియు పిత్తాశయం సంచి భాగాలు క్యాన్సర్ రోగుల సంఖ్య కూడా ఎక్కువగా ఉంది.
By pressing catheter inserting finger inside anus after taking the catheter on top of the pressed wall of rectum it enters inside easily.
Not only this , walking becomes impossible.
If these increases the will power in patients then also relief may be got from the problems.
Opposite to it is premature aging begins in some individual meaning symptoms of this kind like slowness of physical activities , shivering of body parts and stiffness in body parts , etc starts becoming visible in a young age like 45 years or 50 years then it is called Parkinson ' s or Kampvata disease.
We call it ' rihi bawasir ' in Urdu and ' badi bawasir ' in common language.
Accumulation of fats near pelvis and thighs is good while dangerous around stomach.
Some people stay very attentive towards themselves.
Till the time the defense - mechanism of the body does not make itself capable of fighting that virus , till that time medicines can not do any harm to it.
One can eat everything that is available hot jalebi , halva , laddoo , rasgulla , ghee , cottage cheese , khoa , dry fruits , sprouted grains , pulses , parantha , yogurt , milk but sugar and blood pressure patients should keep their food habits according to advice of doctor.
You have just finished you lunch in office and your colleagues give you a huge laddu of god ' s offering and you take it with complete faith.After some time secretary reaches you with a plate of samosa and gulab jamun because his son has scored good marks in board exams.
From bad eating habits and lack of cleaning of mouth teeth become infected with diseases.
You can also put a green colored cloth bandage on eyes.
Therefore by keeping the bottles outside all the time there is no loss rather there is only profit.
By having plain milk without cream at night stomach becomes clean.
Rume - 3 , 6 : Brown colored , sour smelling loose motions during teething.
The herbal products of the famous beauty specialist Shahanaz Hussain is also becoming quite popular now a days.
The nose , throat , mouth , anus etc of the new born baby must be cleaned before it takes the first breath.
All these symptoms are seen in a special season every year.
By making her drink tulsi tea , and mixing ginger juice and lemon juice in honey.
If the mother had to cross the state of miscarriage once or twice then in such case at the time of conception once more in order to escape from the situation of miscarriage again , some special types of medicines have to be taken.
RD_PUNC V_VM N_NN PSP N_NN N_NN 
make the brush move in a circular manner on gums and teeth.
But when Roger Sperry severed the contact between the two hemispheres then how special is the place of each in our mental activities was estimated for the first time.
According to specialists to reduce stress positive thoughts prove to be very helpful.
By chewing tobacco cancer of oesophagus , stomach and urinary bladder happens.
Patient feels giddy.
The other symptoms of muscular rheumatism disease are back ache , chest pain , pain in neck and stiffness of neck.
In diseases of thoracic spine behind the chest , there is pain in waist and tension in chest.
Tuberculosis in which medicine does not affect.
Chest starts tightening and pain starts in it.
By paying attention to their cleanliness we could save ourselves from lot of diseases and problems.
The estimation of the nutrition status of any person is helpful in keeping him healthy.
If the breathing rate is more than the above mentioned levels then count again and finalize your diagnosis.
It is true to get scared , because it is said about women that they are ' symptom free ' that is they get the sense of the disease late.
Never ever make the patient consume any such medicine , because due to these medicines if the patient consumes alcohol then due to negative effect reaction the patient may even die due to this.
In case of symptoms of abortion in and after the third month use the homeopathic medicine sikelikar-30 thrice a day.
Because there is more dampness in the monsoon season , body is always sort of sticky , on top of that there is less electricity as well , by which the melatonin hormone is produced less in body , which gives rise to depression.
In Charak Samhita , the ancient treatise of Ayurveda , there is description of many plants as painkillers.
Colocynth - 6 , 30 : If there is acute pain in stomach.
In India around one and half crore people are affected with T.B.And one fourth among these have become the victim of handicappedness.
Take the seasonal fruits like - watermelon , cucumber , muskmelon etc.
Nature of patient becomes irritable.
Guleria said that this is basically the point of view of women.
In some patients local anaestesia may be needed.
Give mercsol medicine in 200 power , give once in a week.
कधीकधी मधेच रक्ताचे डाग दिसतात , काही वेळेपुरते चक्कर येते किंवा खूप कमी महिना होतो.
In this sounds like.
Even if you do not have diabetes disease then also why you should not eat more sugar ? 
The consequences for the persons who indulge in intoxication is generally serious.
If there is backache then dwickrikasana is beneficial even when done with one leg.
Enzymes are those elements , which are helpful in fastening the various chemical activities in the body.
Ten miligrams of amla juice mixed with two grams of turmeric powder and five grams of honey taken for two -- three weeks , then surprisingly the infection in the urinal tube would go away.
Massage is very beneficial for premature children , children born with difficulty and more sensitive children those who catch cough and cold very quickly and they are to sleep soundly for long.
If their side effects also appear then its very much possible that in this world of beauty some new invention in a new form welcomes you again.
In that decomposition of stomach worms develop with rapidity.
That treatment which is of bronchitis is the same treatment in tracheitis.
Out of every 4 women one has it due to which the risk of it getting spread in the new born babies has increased.
Like anorexia treatment is done combining both counselling and medication.
The symptoms of cold by slightly cold air , body pain on getting wet in the rain , fever by walking in the sun become visible in them.
In the hospitals of our country 25 percent of women coming to the women OPD complain of chronic pelvic pain.
Those women should not use these pills who are pregnant or who have the chances of getting pregnant.
The good thing is that after ending the consumption of medicines with corticosteroid slowly the effect of many of its side - effects begin to reduce.
Wrinkles appear by smiling , laughing and stress for several years , for its treatment the muscle relaxer botox is injected inside the skin in very small quantity.
Apple makes the intelligence sharp and body strong.
The vaccination of MMR protects the child from measles , mumps etc.
I have the fear of weakness from blood donation ?.
These patients get relief in 80 % by using the instrument placed close to the genitals by which the lower part of the urinary bladder gets support.
When AIIMS has got success in it.
As in kukkutasana bring out the hands from in between the thighs and elbows.
Left leg should be placed straight on the ground.
Aconite should not be given when there is sweating in the fever.
Chikungunia enters into human through the bite of aedes mosquito.
Remove anemia by the iron utensil.
According to Dr.Manoj Sharma it is detected late in girls hence diagnosis of disorder in backbone as soon as possible is important.
Stomach is situated in between the oesphagus and intestines.
On seeing the liver probing it , it feels hard.
Doctors will get help in destroying groups of bacteria responsible for almost 80 percent infections by this new technique.
How should be the initial solid food of the child ? 
You can prevent heart diseases , colon cancer , blood pressure and diabetes like diseases by regular exercise.
Bipolar disorder and thyroid are linked within each other.
Intense pain in ribs.
His chest constricts.
That client who needs some back up alternative.As for example when the woman has forgot to take her contraceptive pill.
That is , during this training the art of new balanced and natural life style is taught to the patient.
Consumption of green vegetables and fruits.
By eating this churna  powder constipation goes away on stomach getting cleansed.
The other dimension is held in the hand like flower vase.
Today the monthly cycle in girls start at the age of 11 to 12 itself , whereas the average age in boys to sexually mature is 13 years.
Both are harmful to health.
Give cooked or raw vegetable at least three times a day to every child according to the age.
As opposed to this there is a greater danger of obesity in the children who do not drink juice.
In the subtle exercise for the knees keep both the hands on both sides of the waist while keeping the legs straight.
According to the director of Centre for Sight the senior eye disease specialist Dr.Mahipal Sachdev this problem normally occurs only on aging.
A great pain occurs in the joints in Chikungunya.
If given to drink after filtering it in the morning jaundice itself will go away.
In addition to operation and homeopathic treatment a need to use the instrument for hearing may also arise , this is called ` hearing aid '.
If white marks do not appear on body on scratching then you are healthy.
Pain in joints , increase in weight , slight fever , persistently phlegmatic throat , lessening appetite , bleeding from nose , etc.are its main source of identification.
Cataract disease is connected to age and often this makes the people who are more than 50 years of age as its victims.
Disease of white spots also occurs because dye fluid has not been produced in proper manner in body.
In general the women of more than 50 years of age have greater danger of coming under the influence of osteoporosis.
Aroma of pine medicine is full of freshness , sharp and like camphor.
Wash face with cold water often in a day.
Taking all medicinal plant , skin of Kabuli harad , pittapapda and brahmadandi in equal amounts make a powder pounding and grinding.
Of the same level as sulphur.
But when it gets stuck in the urethra then pain occurs.
The bacteria of tetanus enters inside through normal cuts occurring to the body.
But experts of this subject inform that even one drop of alcohol increases risk of any kind of cancer.
When these glands get live food then they do their work properly.
You will be surprised to know that every year the teeth of thousands of children fall untimely , the chief reason of which is milk and the products made from milk.
Symptoms of cholera : The outburst of cholera is mostly in the days of summer.
The child should be crying or in difficulty.
By these exercise the excessive fat of the waist is removed.
The effects of fatness happening in children can be divided into two parts psychological or emotional effect and physical effect.
In maximum cases the disease of Alzheimer 's starts showing its impact after middle age.
Gradually the child will start liking the food.
Anyway by using the other and unhealthy ways of reducing weight , your weight may even increase in the future.
As much as possible one should take one ' s own comb , brush , pin , nail cutter , towel , napkin and gown.
therefore it is said that in sadness or sickness do not become a problem for the other , but be his support.
The duration of procreation life of any woman is from the age of thirteen years to forty five years.
Some times back from now there used to be 21 days and 28 days course of contraceptive pills.
Not only this , with a dosage of spinal epidural medication there is only some relief in the pain of the delivery taking place in the night as compared to the day.
Here the method of practice of Janushirasana is presented - sit stretching both the legs forward.
Due to dysentery the food comes out of the intestine without getting digested.
This medicine cures the diseases with following symptoms beautifully.
With daatun of catechu , tooth worms , blood degenration.Cough , smell from mouth etc doiseases are cured away.
At times cancer appears in the form of a small wound.
Antibacterial and antifungal properties are found in bay leaf.
In blood vomit by taking Sun charged blue water prepared by the medium of Sun rays and color therapy up to the amount of fifty to hundred grams thrice a day blood vomit stops.
The effects of insomnia disease are long lasting by which there is an effect on many spheres of life.
If disease has occurred because of intoxication then you should leave it.
In such a situation one has to frequently face difficulty.
You can take this lunch break between 12 to 1.
Treatment happens easily once there is development of desire and self confidence.
GnRH analog decapeptyl or lupride , mifepristone , danazol are the main medicines.
Abstain from naan and rumali roti because maida is used in them.
If your blood pressure is unable to be normal even after taking some allopathic , etc medicine and along with it if sleeplessness or restlessness remains even then you will get instant relief by Mukta Vati.
In trachoma disease there is burning in the eye and the eye waters.
According to the head of the study David G.Bailey the safest way of taking the medicine is water itself.
Make your own brother , friend , family member or villagers ready beforehand for blood donation.
Head starts reeling from shock to veins of brain by extreme anger , too much wakefulness , studying too much , consumption of biliary substances.
The tannin of amla has gaelic acid , elaigic acid and glucose.
Naturally it is being widely used for the weaknesses of digestion.
Children patients of shahika  whooping cough have sleepless nights.
Complete it.
By applying madar milk on arunshika with cotton the blisters are soon destroyed and one gets rid of the burn and pain.
What is the benefit of this : The question is in fact very interesting and important.
Therefore before any physical activity the right warm up is necessary.
While taking henna out of hair use fresh or lukewarm water.
Massage juice of fresh mint juice on forehead.
When 250 gm is left then cook for some more time by taking 120 gm violet oil and some leaves of sesame.
Strength training improves bone density , increases strength and metabolism.
Do not ever massage on the part affected with injury or fracture.
In childhood diseases like meningitis , jaundice , typhiod , measles can put adverse effect on the hearing ability of the person.
If the woman does not have menstruation and the interval of feeding the milk is not more than six hours then only by feeding own milk to the new born baby the conception of mother may be stopped for six months.
How many times has she faced abortion ?.
On there being a continual necessity of giving blood you need to give these injections for 3 - 4 days slowly for 10 - 12 days.
There is a special arrangement so that lather do not form by the bubbles of oxygen.
In this only two to three points have to be taken care of.
You can also do sugar monitoring empty stomach , 2 hours after lunch 2 hours after dinner.
By smoking during pregnancy a negative effect is there on the development of foetus and it forms 20 percent reason in the cases of less weight of new borns.
Touch , heat , pressure , pricking everything is felt here only.
To reduce its repetition and the time period of the disease.
If there is piorrhoea in teeth then store and keep in bottle after grinding finely and filtering through a pece of silk cloth the peel of the raw fruit of guava 500 gram , alum 10 gram , black pepper 10 gram and rock salt 10 gram.
Exercise helps in maintaining body.
Chemical that makes body robust , increases , beneficial for eyes , cool chemical which is especially worth eating in summer season.
A good sleep maintains in you liveliness and fitness hence a good sleep is extremely important.
Similarly chocolate harms the children the most.
And one month after it , the third time.
Henna not only reduces whiteness of hair but also offers health to hair.
Its aroma is hot and sharp.
By providing obstruction free environment we can provide them with opportinity to become respected citizens.
In case of Prolapsus-Vaginae arising because of the hardness of feceas stanum-6 is especially beneficial.
By regular consumption of amla constipation stays away.
But along with this experience the unbearable pain of labor is also associated.
Sneezes arise by taking snuff adding two drops of milk in ash of charcoal stove.
Similarly the excess of Vitamin D increases the amount of calcium in the blood mother and the child , which can cause ` Hypa Calcimia ' in the child.
But how this : We feel pain in finger when thorn pricks , but not in head.
செல்யூலைட் ஒரு விதமான கொழுப்பின் மேல் அடுக்காகும்.அது தொடைகளில் , தோல்களில் வயிற்றில் , கழுத்து முதலியவற்றில் தோலுக்கு கீழே சேர்ந்து விடுகிறது.
The whole game is of mind.
The cells and blood vessels of the body first become contracted by bathing , afterwards they expand and if rubbing of the body is done with bathing then this activity is more effective.
Fenugreek seeds are very beneficial for dandruff , hair fall , stopping baldness and making hair long , black and dense.
Of course , in complications immediately after treatment bleeding in urine and feeling of intense pain in 1-2 micturition are included.
Dyscoria essence - 30 : If patient has a sort of fit of pain.
There is such acute pain in kidneys because of stones that patient gets desperate from the unbearable pain.
Fever , constipation and body ache from cold - Treatment - In fever of this cold one should drink up to hundred grams to two hundred grams Sun charged green water prepared by the medium of Sun rays and color therapy four times a day.
On going to bed to sleep soon after meal weight , obesity , phlegm , and stomach increases.
Massage at least for half an hour in a circular fashion with your fingers tips.
While seeing the movement of ribs keep in mind special things.
At the same time regular use of lukewarm water keeps vaata  wind , pitta  bile and kapha  cough regulated.
If the father or mother had to suffer from depression at any time then in such case the chance of depression occurring in the daughter increases by many times.
Boils - pimples are a painful , red and pus filled swelling which also erupt on any part of body.
According to various symptoms medicines of this disease in homeopathy treatment are as follows.
Massage properly with the coconut oil on the head.
Excessive pressure inside the stomach is also built due to growth of hydrosil , growth of tumor in uterus , due to pregnancy , etc.because of which the walls of stomach become weak and the danger of hernia increases.
Washington - According to a new research if pregnant women stay in contact with pathogens then their children may get help in preventing allergy.
Specially for those people who have heart diseases or that blood flow.
Due to staying idle the physical and mental powers start getting destroyed very fast.
If the pressure on them is constantly very high then it would have a bad effect on their walls.
On asthma attack immediately use oxygen pump and take doctoral help.
The aroma of rosemary , rose , sej , camoil , tulsi , marjoram and fennel balances the monthly secretion.
The fat filled snacks to have with drinks also increase calories.
After all why does it happen that in similar situations some people fall sick while some other people continue to be healthy.
He was suffering from widespread swelling in the last stage.
If there is pain in the chest then do not delay in going to the hospital.
If you are pregnant , then take it for sure that many changes are about to come in your body.
But they believe that the deficiency of the light of the Sun increases this disorder.
The use of those swimming pools which are used by the patients H.I.V. AIDS.
Because of this kind of sabal patient can see too blurred.
Temperament of baby becomes irritable.
While sitting give adequate rest to the back with the help of a pillow.
Also by turning the towards the left look backwards.
Mostly people sometimes stay afflicted with this and normally it is nothing other than overeating but in some cases it may also appear in the form of a symptom of a some more serious disorder.
All these are normal processes , which happen in our body absolutely everyday.
They can be brought to use instead of apricot oil.
Patients of such a disease are unable to walk straight.
Together with this give him food of this type which has little carbohydrate , balanced quantity of fat , more fiber and less sodium 6 times a day little by little.
Due to this the sperms fail to enter the uterus.
According to WHO also the absence of disease itself is not a sign of being healthy , rather that condition of physical , mental and social excellence by which a human may lead an advantageous and social usefulness , that is health.
It is such belief of doctors that in our body there are approximately 80 percent are basic substances and approximately 20 percent are acidic substances.
Worms stuck in intestines spread toxins on defecating excreta and keep sucking at blood.
Rimosum - Skin thicken in this.
Because of persisitent high blood pressure continuous damage reaches to brain , heart , kidneys , pancreas and reproductive organs.
On this disease becoming serious the person may become victim of irritation.
Do not leave any wound marks or disfiguring.
By eating one cup of cooked beans daily the quantity of cholesterol in blood decreases by 10 percent in 6 weeks.
There is no harm to the body by fiber and nor does sugar increase in the blood.
Consume seasonal fruits - vegetables in more and more quantity and consume fruits - vegetables of dark color more and more quantity and certainly eat the fruits - vegetables of dark color but eat less sweet fruits.
The consumption of open sky is difficult.
Its causes are so various that it is difficult to tell headache is being produced by which psychological or physical problem.
Therefore the sources of antioxidants have to be maintained uninterrupted.
In food materials two types of carbohydrates are found - simple and complex.
7 - 8 days after the beginning of the polio disease the condition of the patient starts improving.
If there is aafara in the stomach because of the attack of gas or in case of stomach ache one should take sun-warmed water of orange bottle prepared through sun rays and chromotherapy three or four times in a day in the quantity of fifty to eighty grams.
Actually , many among of us are becoming the victims of energy loss.
Now one after the other such machines have come in which the typing of braille takes place as fast as possible.
In order to evade the diseases we need to give special attention to our diet purification.
In the method of mayur-asanaa first sit on the knees by bringing the both hands together in the front and keeping the fingers behind.
In winters on temperature decreasing lesser than nine degrees Celsius tips of hands , feet , ears and nose of women , men , adolescents and children go red.
Toothpaste with Fluoride has been informed as appropriate for people above the age of six years.
Also , massage them of joints.
On initial level kidney disease in diabetes patients is detected via a special test when the level of their albumin is found abnormal 30 mg  per day.
Cover your head if sitting in sun.
It can be that yawning also does the work of a psychological pressure - release.
You can take equivalent to one or two chickpeas.
Leave the body relaxed like a corpse.
Although yoga solves the problem of paralysis permanently but it takes time and is tough.
If the skin of feet of patient is not dry or soft.
On eating late , air destroys the digestive fire.
This fever can also affect the skin.
On occurrence of common cold  nazla zukam there is an experience of pain on face.
When mixture starts getting dry then make pills of it the size of grams.
Carduus menus pure essence - 3 , 6 : Patient feels a sting in the right part beneath the muscles.
Nothing has happened to the muscles , not even to the motor cortex.
Do not show carelessness.
Local anemia often traps rich , intellectual and people above 40 years of age.
It works as a tonic for the children.
Urine comes intermittently.
No matter how much brave the person is he does become afraid in dangerous situation.
Our hair produce serum naturally , which keeps the moisturizer of the hair balanced.
Blood circulation gets faster with a massage of this kind.
Continuous prolonged bouts of cough or occurrence of heaviness in speech.
For the method of singhasana if it is possible then while sitting in vajrasana facing towards the sun keep the knees a little open.
These possibilities are negligible in laparoscopy method.
The children from 5 to 14 years of age generally come in the group of school going children.
Around 10 to 30 % of total cases of hernia related to stomach is of umbilical hernia.
Definitely cleanse your face before applying sunscreen again.
There could be stool or vomitting with blood by drinking it.
One should not take any kind of mental stress do only that work which you like if you go to office then take a leave.
By drinking tea three times a day tension in muscles , nervous disorders , worry , fear , anxiety and brain diseases occur.
In the opinion of natural therapy during this therapy one is inspired to cry.
Lack of physical work.
Very few women know of this truth that along with adornment of beauty they also bring along many dangerous diseases.
After the pregnancy in young age the infants are mostly very weak and their mortality rate is also greater.
Do not drink water at all while having a meal.
The quantity of sodium in beans is less and the quantity of potassium , calcium and magnesium is more.
Patient becomes irritable.
Other than this they ask you to take complete care of diet like avoiding consuming spicy , fried things , keeping stomach clean.
According to these scientists in these diseases there could be psychological reasons also.
Drinking tea , coffee causes lot of harm in biliary fever.
It has come forth in a report published in American journal of Epidemyology that the possibility of suffering from Perotid gland tumor in 50 percent more in excessive users of phone.
For the other ten ays show the sun rays through the cellophane paper of green color after putting two drops of mustard oil sun-charged by green color in both the ears.
Elders should definitely take eight to ten pieces thrice a day and at night while going to bed.
When tonsil swells a lot then an extreme pain begins in the throat.
Similarly it should be done from the other side.
ఎప్పుడైనా ఈ నీళ్ళ పై తేలికపాటి కోరిక మెల్ల-మెల్లగా తగ్గుతుందో మరియు అప్పుడు ఎక్కువ దాహం రూపంలో బిగ్గరగా కేకలు-పిలవటం చేస్తుంది.
Those people who do not get alright and do dangerous activities , they are kept at mental hospitals.
Reiki attunement is done in every course.
Besides this , loose motion , stomach ache and lack of hunger like symptoms may also be show up during the contraction.
Subtle exercise ' which keeps the joints of the body healthy and gives strength , perkiness and health to the respiratory system have following steps.
Do not allow psychological stress.
This way one could repeat for 3 to 6 times.
The patients with neck pain should not do much mental work at the time of treatment.
You do not feel pain before loose motions.
Its treatment happens through operation.
This disease can happen in bone of some part of body.
Generally along with the progression of the day the increased temperature of the body makes the muscles more flexible and also improves the coordination between the hand and eyes , in case if you play tennis.
In mandukasana insulin begins to be formed in large quantity.
How does it happens ?.
When these hormones do n't work properly then even the giant-sized children could also be born.
Do you know that in the world every year the foot of 10 lakh patients has to be amputated because of diabetes foot ? 
Right leg should be in between both the eyes.
God has bound the Nature in such rules that in the evening humans and other such creatures , animals , birds begin to take rest at their respective places.
பயோரியா கிரேக்க மொழி பாயோன் என்றால் சீழ் ( பஸ் ) மேலும் ரீன் என்றால் மிதக்க ( நீரோட்டம் ) என்பதில் இருந்து வந்தது.
According to Ayurveda , Mustard contains oil , is rough , bitter and sharp , kills phlegm and gas , increases bile , is a stealer of pain , provider of excitement in uterus and destroyer of stomach worms and leprosy.
In indigestion one may get relief by drinking one gram each of black pepper and white rock - salt mixed in ten gram sap of wood - apple leaves.
The treatment of breast cancer happens with surgery , chemotherapy and radiotherapy.
The patient with this disease faces extreme pain.
பயனளிக்கிறது.
By putting two - three drops of mustard oil in ear , the insect swells and comes out.
Suptagarbhasana is useful for hands , legs , waist and stomach.
Hair begin to gray and fall untimely.
Sexual activities be it with homosexual man with man or woman with woman , or straight man with woman , woman with man.
Similarly by increasing the pressure in blood vessels high blood pressure produces the stroke of heart.
In aromatherapy aromatic oil lavendar , orange , lemon , camphor , neroli , yang-yang , bergamot are useful for the oily skin.
Then automatically the problem of leakage of urine arises.
If some day you are unable to eat the food proprely , then try to take solid multi vitamin and mineral supplement.
During disease of hiccups by smelling asafoetida after warming it up also there is benefit.
Do not sleep late on days of holiday.
According to Unani physicians disorder of jarb  scabies is of two types ' dry ' and ' moist '.
Turmeric is also an antibiotic.
Its smell is also very strong.
Take a deep breath.
The complaint of urine infection can occur both in men and women but this complaint is found more in women because the inner part of their genitals stays open.
In the age of 12 - 17 years in 90 percent of those who diet reduction in bone mass has been found on becoming adult.
Cough , tummy , fatness increase by sleeping in daytime.
Do not eat outside food at all.
There is a danger of several diseases including cancer with smoking.
Whenever one gets up after the asanas done in lying position , one should always get up by bending a little towards the left side.
In children fatness begins from three years of age only.
In order to get rid of the spectacles the eye sight will improve by washing the eyes three-four times in a day as per the routine by the water prepared in sun-warmed green-coloured bottle and giving sun light to the open eyes in the morning - evening two times through the fifteen - sixteen layers of cellophane paper.
You can give cold water or water of less than 18 degrees temperature only to a strong man.
Actually , one researcher of Ayurveda found in the investigation of medicinal properties of hemp that it can be a brilliant alternative to allopathic pain killers , specially for the patients of surgery.
This disease can also occur to children of men and women afflicted with leprosy.
Loose motions stop by giving lemon seed , juice after grinding rose in it.
There are many such surgical and non -- surgical facial face related treatments , which claim and promise that they would make your skin young , markless and soft.
Like Luisell Ramos used to eat only a few leaves and drank coke.
Smoke of petrol or diesel on roads brings much harm to eyes produces ramada from this also.
Do not spread carpet , mat and rug etc in the room of the children.
A horrible odour begins to come in breathing.
Keep , on drying in shade , making pills of 1 ratti of jundbedastar , opium , asafoetida and camphor.
Expensive machines are used in the technique of phaco emulsification.
Besides this during pregnancy due to the weight of the fetus falling in the front in the waist they have backache problems.
Normally people know about green tea but because of not being able to take its appropriate amount they can not get the full profit.
We buy after seeing label of low on any product but we should also pay attention to it 's amount and on the number of calories in it.
If it is less than 12 c.m.then he is malnourished in the extreme form.
If there is bleeding on coughing or there is also extreme pain then you should immediately see the doctor.
This discovery of genes affecting the level of blood sugar is the first step towards developing new ways of treatments for diabetes.
After vaccination people who have developed protective anti-bacterial reactions can get total safety from intense and old contraction along with diseases.
In the treatment of this disease a medicine named ` Lakshmi Vilas Rasa ' is very good.
In this condition - Apply oils or lotions made of Rosemary , tincture Jaborandi , tincture Cantharidine , etc.
When the family is completely planned , then through surgery also women may get rid of pregnancy forever.
Taking equal amounts of Ammonium Chloride and turmeric grind fine , then smell.
Ill people should lie on the surface or high bed only on the back.
Do n't take potato , rice , bread , cereals , sugar and popcorn.
This mosquito of malaria affects the red blood corpuscles.
This reduction does not produce any major difficulty in the normal life of the person.
Gall bladder can be removed by inserting a s stunt in the infected part present in the gall bladder of patient of cancer.
The incident of still born is thrice more in the middle ages pregnancy.
The job of this wax-like material is to keep the ear canal healthy.
The pregnant women , children , patients and aged should eat an apple per day.
This medicine is used in the treatment of irritability from journey , depression , blockage in urination , bronchitis , getting a cold , insomnia , ulcer of mouth , constipation and weakness.
If you take two simple roller pumps in place of the two halves of the heart auricle and ventricle then you can do the entire task of the heart.
This way through corrupt meat germs or poisonous harmful substance reach the body and become the reason of the disease.
According to number about 1 percent people of 50 to 65 years of age are afflicted with this disease.
In this way that area is burnt.
Microbacterium leprae affects mainly the nervous system and the skin.
There is the requirement of iodine to pregnant women.
After this wash hair with lukewarm water.
With offset of age a change starts coming in the natural make of the cartilage.
Some white cells that reach get damaged because of diabetes since these cells save the body from infection.
Pain in the interior medial part of the knee , pain in the exterior lateral part of the knee , pain on top of the bearing patella , pain behind poplitial fosa the knee , pain in iliotibial band , pain in ligament , pain in gay rope or aneucerine cartilages , pain in meniscus , etc..
Normally such a situation arises at that time when residual substances do not get out of skin through sweat.
After 65 years the risk of pneumonia lurks , then get its regular check up done also.
If this also fails then advice of surgical treatment is given.
Often change of water leaves a bad impact on body.
It works very well in dysentery , mucous , diarrhoea during pregnancy and in indigestion.
Knees should be together.
There are many diseases of the heart.
The best time to test it is during the time of bathing with hot water or after , when the testicle is flaccid , as in this situation any changes can be easily figured out.
Although the production of gas is common , but sometimes it produces restlessness and other conditions.
Swarna Bhasma despite being powerful is a mild substance.
If activity of metabolism is not regular and body gets very fat.
At the same time its use is beneficial in water retention , colic and inflammation of gums.
According to the study , the researchers selected a few from the 48 Japanese suffering from the helicobacter microbes and they were fed 70 grams of sprouted cauliflower for eight weeks and some were fed sprouted Alfa.
Complete it.
After identifying cancer early , total treatment is now possible for 60-70 percent of cancer patients.
The reduction and stopping of the lack of Vitamin A by encouraging the consumption of food items rich in Vitamin A available at local level.The effective methods of special message and communication.
In order to prevent blindness occurring due to deficiency of Vitamin A , a national disease prevention program was started in 1970.
Because of its being the best asana for making the heart strong dirghanaukasana is also called hridayastambhasana.
As a result of this patient feels a sort of load on heart.
Having high blood pressure is considered to be a symptom of the suffering illness of the kidney.
In amenorrhoea one feels very sleepy.
If you do not feel comfortable with it take anti-allergic tablet for ten days.
If the skin is not cut , the injury is internal then along with the internal medicine the external medicine works well.
In this whole process root canal treatment is used RCT.
It is a an efficient medicine of shahika  whooping cough.
In rheumatoid arthritis the fingers and hands and legs begin to become curved and stiff.
Raj Chiraiya and Itai Bab of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem have found in their studies that due to depression ' bone loss ' is more in females.
Although a depressed person does not have difficulty in getting sleep but because of his  her sleep being shallow many people wake up soon or go on sleeping for long.
Tablet of delta - korelin has proved to be beneficial in this disease.
Afara does not occur by destruction of constipation from eating one and a half tola sorbete mulain with 5 tola arq gaavzaban.
By keeping camphor ball or cotton wad soaked in mustard oil or banyan tree milk or piece of asafoetida fried in ghee below molar there is relief in pain.
Now this pressure can be easily reduced via VAT surgery.
Difficult tumors are cancer.
Other than this infection diseases like typhoid  manthara fever or getting fever repeatedly , eating hot medicines for many days or nominal permanent diseases.
Always keep the iodine salt in closed vessel , not in uncovered vessel.
But some experts are of the opinion that Unani medicine also began from the Ayurveda medicine because like Ayurveda medicine in Unani medicine also there is use of medicinal herbs and roots.
Drinking clean water in morning just after waking up is beneficial for the health.
In a young age along with vision and hearing checkup its important to have a routine checkup of the teeth too , otherwise the problem of tooth decay , abnormal tooth development , dental injury can be seen.
This milk provides nutrition for long to the bacteria whose result are the cavities.
Like the water of dal , starch water of rice , lemonade or light tea.
Now they have more faith in themselves.
According to Unani hakims production of sabal occurs from continuous rubbing and burning due to other diseases of eyes jarbul azfan , sharmunkalib.
One unit of brain , neuron or nerve cell is complete and independent in itself.
The sunscreen lotion proects the skin from the bad effects of the ultraviolet rays.
There is heavy difficulty to blind people and skeletally handicapped people in movement.
The hemoglobin level improves with its intake.
The saliva in the mouth is antibacterial.
The recording of the signs and symptoms of the lack of Vitamin A.
Here you are being told of the temporary birth control.
By this test only this approximation is done that in doing a surgical or medical treatment how much jolt can the heart take.
The mouth becomes dry , the eyes become small and tearless.
Magnum - 3 , 30 : Pain remains in joints because of inflammation which increases at night time.
Myelocytic : - In this the color of blood becomes dull and thin.
Everyone in the house used to like hot pakoras , pooris , halva in the plate.
Because of nose being blocked during cold patient has to breathe from mouth.
Focus on this thing that which thing was important in life , which less unimportant.
They use deodorant , etc to remain fresh all day.
This medicine is mainly used for soreness in throat , asthma , cold , cough and flu.
You should never consume water immediately after excreting , after returning from strong sun without normalising the body temperature , after exercising and hard work , immediately after and before a meal , after eating water melon , musk melon , guava , custard apple and after extremely hot food and immediately after sex.
According to experts until 7 months are over one should get tests done every month and after that one should get test done every two weeks for eight and a half months other than this if there is any kind of complain then one can take consult the doctor.
If you sleep 15 to 20 minutes less every one or two days then you will start waking up at that time.
Many people believe that contraceptive pills should not be taken with antibiotic tablets because they become ineffective by taking together.
This sadness of ultra rapid cycler patient starts changing fast again after some time.
Treasure of health -.
Cauliflower of high fiber and low calorie is a favorite vegetable of winters.
The choice of women for abortion -.
Take the right and nutritious diet.
There is use of arsenic in pill of mundi therefore definitely consult the physician.
Before sleeping in the night taking one of the following medicines is also beneficial.
You can prevent water even if you want therefore whenever you do chores involving water like washing clothes , scrubbing utensils , etc then after that wash your hair with lukewarm water.
The menu that you get in a restaurant look at alternatives from it.
According to Unani physicians production of sabal can also occur because of kajib sujak , atshak syphilis , etc diseases.
This cyst sometimes takes the form of eggs on entering the large intestine.
Capsicum is such a vegetable , which is available in green , red , yellow all three colors.
Its work is to hear sounds , hear knowledge and make us aware of good and bad.
Those wearing spectacles or whose eyes have been operated upon , or who are suffering from diabetes , high blood pressure , asthama , tuberculosis or heart disease can also donate eyes.
The chest muscles have to work more hard on breathing in and breathing out during respiration through contracted breathing tubes.
One feels recurrent urge to urine but urine does not come.
In case of stroke in any part of muscular atrophy the diseases like arthritis , nervous system diseases and the diseaseases of vessels etc occur.
Whereas the fact is its exact opposite.
Grindelia root extract - 30 : Breathing of patient stops during sleeping.
Pain of such kind occurs in the backbone as if someone is bringing down a lancet.
On being bitten by dogs - cats that bitten place should be washed - cleaned properly by soap - detergent or simply by water so that no saliva remains there.
In whatever way almonds are eaten they have ample quantity of Vitamin - E.
Those women who have damaged spinal cord they can also become pregnant.
Seriousness is a mental state produced from negative pont of view while laughter is a state obtained from positive point of view.
But if some precautions are not taken then various health problems may arise out of reduction in atmospheric temperature and moisture.
This is the very reason that gyms and fitness centres are seen comparatively more.
Besides this one could also get to know about the health of the heart by stress test and regular health tests.
If the IQ is less than 70 then the man is considered to be mentally retarded.
It is also important for him to know that when it is beneficial for him to take the medicine.
This change tells that today women have started going to the gym to keep themselves fit.
Water may not be too hot.
Insoluble fiber is found in wheat bran and some vegetables.
In the beginning of sill tuberculosis and jikunnfas asthma there is production of cough  sual.
under the SAAOL natural treatment at first the importance of vegetarian food is told.
According to the dosctors vitamin-c is an extremely miraculous medicine.
In order to remove the problems of woman in menopause disease give lynoral manufactured by Argenon first in the form of tablets of 0.01 mg to 0.05 mg thrice a day.
Often drink water according to your constitution and in controlled amount.
Spit , defecate , etc in such a place where you can flush or put mud immediately.
If there is fever in this ailment then that also heals by taking the upper action.
Good sleep will come.
Black spots are removed by regularly applying the milk of banyan on the face.
పురుషజననాంగంతో సంబంధమున్న రోగాలు ఉన్నాయి - శుక్రకణం వికలాంగకత్వం , నపుంసకత మొదలైనవి.
Every minute somewhere or the other someone is dying of tuberculosis.
Osteo-arthritis of all arthritis is the disease that is found most of all.It affects people above 40 years of age , especially women.
Abdomen is present in almost all the organisms.
It is the stopping of all activities of brain on a permanent basis when brain stops sending messages of important work to body like breathing , feeling stuff , obeying orders , moving body parts etc.
In order to open and widen the closed or narrow mouth of the uterus different shapes and kinds of dilators are brought into practice.
The blood vessels of that place expand and blood comes to the upper level of that place.
The swelling arisen in trachea is called asthma.
How to rest : - Do no sleep only on one side while sleeping.
Chronic bronchitis recurs and gradually renders the lungs useless.
Mix five drops of lavender oil and five drops of essential oil in it and massage your head with it.
Our eyes do not get spoiled by TV , computer or less light.
What are the common diseases of thoracic spine ? 
Climbing stairs instead of elevator , strolling for a little while after lunch or dinner doing house chores like - gardening , sweeping - mopping , etc are also exercises only.
The water in rural areas is generally available from these sources only.
Consumption of this drink regulates cholesterol.
Being slim is the symbol of being healthy.
Stool becomes harder on constipation staying for many days.
If you leave it packed then keeping it away from light it can be kept safe for a year.
There is relief from cold from drinking twice or thrice a day mixing cumin , ginger and honey in one cup tea.
Stabilise the heel of the right leg on the upper portion of the genitalia.
Similarly you should drink Sun charged orange water up to the amount of forty to eighty grams thrice ten minutes after meal.
Mother 's happiness has a deep impact on the mental health of the child.
Stress does trespass into our life in many ways.
On occurrence of any kind of problem you should have no fallibility in contacting the doctor immediately.
Normally this pain occurs in cold weather and in the right leg.
They think that nothing happens with an abandon of a day or half.
A glass vessel full of blood in which oxygen is released in the form of bubbles.
After massaging with the pure oil of tarah also itching gets healed.
This habit increases the production of Adrenaline hormone harmful for body because of which you have to face difficulty in sleeping.
Although the course of the treatment is different on the basis of the growth of hair and type , but its result is permanent.
Actually when a person is in a state of stress then necessity of blood increases naturally in his  her brain and muscles.
In this state right leg should a little lax and bent.
Not sleep , the base of the entire health is yoganidra.
Wrapping both the hands in a similar way bring them in the posture of greeting.
The muscles of all parts like hands , legs , arms , thighs , shoulders etc.becomes healthy and beautiful by surya - namaskara.
Due to substances rich in complex carbohydrate the problems of pimples etc are produced.
Whenever you feel lethargic drink water.
It might well not be visible but whatever life we lead or whatever we do that is decided on the basis and in accordance to this mind itself.
In some cases open surgery is also done.
Even a little negligence in winters can prove to be fatal for child or adult anyone.
Music therapy is such a therapeutical authentic process which is done through efficient and professional people making a special kind of relationship.
If too many pimples have formed on face and have become very large then steam your face at night before sleeping.
And throat opens up.
There are around 70 lakhs of blind people in our country.
At night while sleeping do not forget to apply body cream on your hands , arms , feet and neck.
If there is no swelling in one foot or leg of the patient.
It plays an important role in regulating the increased level of cholesterol.
